[RHDHBUGS-2722]: Restructure authentication title to JTBD outline (#2049)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/proc-import-users-and-groups-from-microsoft-azure.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="import-users-and-groups-from-microsoft-azure_{context}"]
= Import users and groups from {azure-brand-name}

[role="_abstract"]
Import {azure-brand-name} users and groups to the {product} software catalog.

.Prerequisites
* You have xref:share-a-secret-with-microsoft-azure_{secrets-context}[shared a secret with {azure-brand-name}].

.Procedure

. Enable the Microsoft Graph catalog provider plugin in your `dynamic-plugins.yaml`
file.

> This plugin imports {azure-short} users and groups to the {product-short} software catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enable the Microsoft Graph catalog provider plugin in your `dynamic-plugins.yaml`
file.
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
plugins:
  - package: './dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-msgraph-dynamic'
    disabled: false
----

> . Enable provisioning {azure-short} users and groups to the {product-short} software catalog, by adding the Microsoft Graph catalog provider section in your `{my-app-config-file}` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add a Microsoft Graph catalog provider section to your `{my-app-config-file}` file:
```

`select`:::
Enter the link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/schemaextension?view=graph-rest-1.0[Microsoft Graph resource type] list to retrieve.

.Verification

> * To verify user and group provisioning, check the console logs for `MicrosoftGraphOrgEntityProvider` events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check the console logs for `MicrosoftGraphOrgEntityProvider` events.
```
